yeah
I'm going to make this home for
the night and i'm going to do a
little bit of fire straightening
so I'm just warming the dark
over the coals on this fire and
then
Travis kind of straighten it for
days into his 80-mile journey
desert Nomad Tobias is suffering
the consequences of a lack of
food
I just feel kind of tired right
now
tired and hungry with loan miles
and days ahead
pretty good to buy it shifts his
focus to hunting wild game is
only potential source of protein
this journey out here like a
test to see if i can use what I
know and learn new things and
just not die
I'm just trying to create kind
of a little divot here that the
thrower will hook into a bigger
question is like as humans are
we still capable of living in
the environment that we evolved
in brought a couple wild turkey
feathers for watching
it seems almost unfathomable to
come live like this but I'm here
because I want to consciously do
things in a different way
working the end down so that i
can get one of the bullet shells
that I found to fit on the end
of this really durable hard
blunt tip
I always knew is going to be a
big challenge but in the end I
don't want to be out here just
to suffer
just a quick and dirty I'm
interested in living a life
worth living
hopefully catching some meet
tomorrow